Christmas, christmas, christmas. what comes to my head when i hear about it is enjoyment(jollof rice and chicken) but am i wrong? let's find out.
When i became much more deeper in my Faith, i've realised that it's much more than a plate of jollof rice but something rather someone who is eternal.
About 2000  years ago, a man Jesus was born into the world and he came to take away the sins of the world.

6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given:
and the government shall be upon his shoulder:
and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God,
The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.
7 Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end,
upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom,
to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice
from henceforth even for ever.
The zeal of the LORD of hosts will perform this. Isaiah 9:6-7


5 But he was wounded for our transgressions,
he was bruised for our iniquities:
the chastisement of our peace was upon him;
and with his stripes we are healed. Isaiah 53:5.


It's much more than a plate of jolllof rice , getting to go out as a family, with friends and all. It doesn't mean Chrsitmas isnt a celebration though , (i'll still eat my rice , lol!) but it is a celebration of the birth of "Jesus". The one who gave himself for us. we should endeavor to carry this in our heart nd celebrate truly the birth of the LORD. and what "Jesus" did when he came into the earth was to die for our sins , and he accomplished it. so for all who put their faith in his sacrifice will be saved. 

"It's never too early or too late to make him LORD and to let him carry your luggage(your sins)"

click button below if you want to make him LORD over your life or rededicate your life to him

Say this prayer
"Dear Jesus, i accept what you did for me and i am ready to start living for you this day, i am ready to become righteous in the sight of God by your sacrifice and to make you LORD.
Take over LORD"

Congrats, you are now a child of God.
Now jsut one more thing , inorder to grow in this faith, you need to fellowship with other believers so you can encourage eachother[Heb. 10:25], so find a local church, regularly attend and serve God there with all your heart. just find something to do for God in the church that will help the church